c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\bin\Debug\WPF_UI.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\bin\Debug\WPF_UI.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\bin\Debug\WPF_UI.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\WPF_UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\WPF_UI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\WPF_UI.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\WPF_UI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\WPF_UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\WPF_UI.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\WPF_UI.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\PopupWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\WPF_UI_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\PopupWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\LoadingDialog.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WPF_UI\WPF_UI\obj\Debug\LoadingDialog.g.cs
